- I am a terrible speaker,
and I've reread this thing
a million times, but I wanted
to be here tonight
to celebrate with my hero.
We hear the word "icon" used
a lot these days describing
people like me, but as far
as I'm concerned,
a true icon is the woman
being honored here tonight.
- [cheering and applause]
- Since the day our founding
fathers signed
the Declaration of Independence,
our country has been run
almost exclusively
by old white men.
Thankfully, because of Nancy
and other strong women,
this is changing.
Nancy's a fighter.
She won't back down,
she muscled through
the Affordable Health Care Act
and she isn't afraid
to go toe-to-toe with a bully
and beat him in his own game.
- [cheering and applause]
- When I see Trump spew
his hatred
and tell his gazillion lies,
I get pissed off,
but I also feel really uneasy.
Then I see Nancy come on TV
and I think,
"It's all good,
Nancy's in the House."
- [cheering and applause]
- Nancy has dedicated
her career to being
a fierce advocate
for the underdog, for women,
for the LGBTQ community
and for the poor.
She's the highest-ranking woman
ever in American Politics
and because of her
and other strong women like her,
soon there'll be
a woman president.
- [cheering and applause]
- She gives me hope and courage,
she is elegant and formidable,
and when I grow up,
I wanna be just like her.
- [laughter]
- Madam Speaker, Nancy Pelosi.
- [cheering and applause]